c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\CrmOauthWebApi.dll.config
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\CrmOauthWebApi.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\CrmOauthWebApi.pdb
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.WindowsForms.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\obj\Debug\CrmOauthWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\obj\Debug\CrmOauthWebApi.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\obj\Debug\CrmOauthWebApi.pdb
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\anschult\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrmOauthWebApi\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
